
CodeX
CodeX is a German beverage company which is recently launched in India. They launched their energy drink in 10 cities in India.

CodeX conducted a survey in those 10 cities and received results from 10k respondents.
The survey was based on consumer behaviour questions like their purchasing habits, their feedback about energy drinks available in the market, pricing, packaging etc.
The survey question file is attached at the end of this article.

Their Marketing Team wants their Data Analyst to convert these survey results to meaningful insights which the team can use to drive actions.

The Marketing Team have asked to share certain insights. They have also asked to share meaningful recommendations from the data or external factors etc.

Demographic Insights
a.	Who prefers energy drinks more? (male/female/non-binary?)
 

This shows 60% of the consumers are male who prefer energy drinks more


Which age group prefers energy drinks more?
 
Energy drinks are more popular among youngsters. More than 50% of the respondents belong to the Age Group 19-30


Which type of marketing reaches the most Youth (15-30)
 
Online Ads are the most effective channel that reached 3373 respondents Age group 15-30.


Consumer Preference
a.	What are the preferred ingredients of energy drinks among respondents?
 
Caffeine is the most expected ingredient followed by the Vitamins in energy drinks.

               


 B What packaging preferences do respondents have for energy drinks
 
Compact & Portable Cans are high in demand followed by Innovative Bottle Designs.
Competition Analysis
a.	Who are the current market leaders?
 


Cola Coka is leading the market followed by Bepsi. The data shows there more respondents for Cola Coka than the other brands.







What are the primary reasons consumers prefer those brands over ours
 
Marketing Channels and Brand Awareness
a. Which marketing channel can be used to reach more customers?
b. How effective are different marketing strategies and channels in reaching our
customers?

 

As we have seen previously Online Ads are the most effective way to reach maximum audiences in a short duration & it is cost effective as well.

Brand Penetration
a.	What do people think about our brand? (overall rating)
              Out of 980, 455 people have heard about our brand and hence we consider their ratings for the                            CodeX product’s taste.
                  This rating of 3.3 is the industry avg rating as well.

Purchase Behavior
a.	Where do respondents prefer to purchase energy drinks?
b.	 
Supermarkets are the most common choice among consumers to buy energy drinks.

c.	What are the typical consumption situations for energy drinks among respondents?
  
Sports/exercise
Studying/working late
Also, this data shows youth is consuming these drinks more.

What factors influence respondents’ purchase decisions, such as price range and limited edition packaging?

                
          43% of the consumers buy a product if the price is between 50-99

            

40% of the consumers do not expect a change in the packaging while 39% of consumers are open to trying the Limited Edition Packaging.

Product Development
a. Which area of business should we focus more on our product development?
(Branding/taste/availability)

Out of 980 respondents of CodeX, only 219 have a positive brand perception.
